[CK_BUILDER] Update the testing documentation (#3312)
ROCm/composable_kernel: experimental/builder/README.md

  ..
```

## Building and Testing

The builder test suite is organized into two main categories:

### Smoke Tests (Fast Unit Tests)
Quick unit tests that verify the builder's internal logic without compiling GPU kernels. These complete in under 1 second total and are suitable for frequent execution during development.

```sh
ninja smoke-builder
```

### Regression Tests (Integration Tests)

> Integration tests that compile actual GPU kernels to verify the builder generates valid, compilable code. These are more expensive (may take minutes) but catch real-world issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integration tests that compile actual GPU kernels to verify that the builder generates valid, compilable code. These are more expensive than smoke tests (can take minutes to run) but catch real-world issues.
```
